ready feet here are one and two ready on
camera one with cream ready why am too
and go all remote standby okay we're
home to George say yes 14 is thanks to
master I'll tell you something else you
know I'm getting less and less air time
they don't think I'm at all anchor
material I can't believe I just risked
my life for a network to test my face
with focus groups very particular area
that you feel strongest to be honest I
was best at anchor
so you have almost no experience right
but I don't know I can learn what I do
know nobody can teach I'll buy you a
drink
there's a big thing going on over the
Italian embassy I'm not sure I'd be good
company tonight
I am beginning to repel people I'm
trying to seduce it must be a great
world of insecurity and desperation made
us more attractive if needy turn on me
let me just be your most trusted friend
now the one that gets to say all the
awful stuff okay I guess you can't end
up with Tom because it totally goes
against everything that you're about I
was hoping I wouldn't have a good time
tonight you know why because real nuts
they'll be nice and helpful and he'll
get all the great women what do you do
when your real life exceeds your dreams
keep it to yourself I can't breathe over
a guy
I would give anything if you were two
people so I could call it the one who's
my friend and tell her about the one
that I liked so much
[Music]